DOCUMENTATION: Add BitNode recommendation (#2044)
bitburner-official/bitburner-src: src/Documentation/doc/advanced/bitnode_recommendation.md

Reviewer: I'm going to be somewhat opinionated in my comments, because you tend to write very comprehensively, but that also means long. That works for something like Corp, but here I think we need to keep this as short as possible.

Edit: with the change in focus, this is no longer quite as true.

# Introduction

> After a player destroys their first [BitNode](./bitnodes.md) and sees the BitVerse, they are usually overwhelmed by the large number of BitNodes and do not know which BitNode they should do next. Some BitNodes even have peculiarities that tend to catch newbies off guard and ruin their run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After a player destroys their first [BitNode](./bitnodes.md), they are usually overwhelmed and do not know which BitNode they should do next. Some BitNodes even have peculiarities that tend to catch newbies off guard and ruin their run.
```

> This page focuses on analyzing BitNodes, giving good advice to new players, helping them to make a good choice for their next BitNode, and avoiding common mistakes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
The purpose of the page is clear, it doesn't need to be stated.

> At first, we need to make this clear: There is no "perfect" BitNode order. Everybody has their own preferred play style, so a good order for this player may be a bad order for other players. This is why this guide does not show any specific orders. The player needs to read this guide carefully and figure out the best order for them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At first, we need to make this clear: There is no "perfect" BitNode order. Everybody has their own preferred play style, so a good order for this player may be a bad order for other players. This is why this guide does not show a single specific order.
```
Most people won't read the whole thing carefully, and it should be written with that in mind.

> Doing BitNodes in chronological order (BN1->BN2->BN3->BN4->BN5->etc.) is a classic newbie mistake. Don't do that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Doing BitNodes in chronological order (BN1->BN2->BN3->BN4->BN5->etc.) is a classic mistake. Don't do that.
```

It's not just newbies, some people just like doing things sequentially.

# BitNode characteristic

With each BitNode, you need to consider:

- Does it unlock a new mechanic?
- Is the new mechanic a new "gameplay" or a "utility" one (a mechanic that helps other mechanics)?
- How does this new mechanic interact with other mechanics?
- Are there peculiarities that I should know beforehand?
- How harsh are the BitNode's multipliers?

Some BitNodes unlock new mechanics, while others improve or change original mechanics in BitNode 1. This is a very rough introduction:

- New gameplay:
  - Gang (BitNode 2): Simple and useful.
  - Corporation (BitNode 3): Extremely complicated, extremely powerful, and extremely fast.
  - Bladeburner (BitNode 6, BitNode7): Relatively simple, slow, and not be nerfed too much in most BitNodes.
- Utility mechanics:
  - Singularity (BitNode 4): Automation APIs.

>   - Intelligence (BitNode 5): Permanent stat that buffs many things.

Reviewer: Should also mention permanent formulas. They're collectively part of the same utility, sort of.

  - BitNode 12: Grant free NeuroFlux Governor (NFG) based on the Source-File level.
  - BitNode 14: Enhance IPvGO.

Some mechanics synergize well with other mechanics. For example, in order to create a gang outside of BitNode 2, you need to "farm karma" (more about this later), and Sleeves can help you do it faster.

Some mechanics have peculiarities that you should know beforehand. For example, enabling territory clashes too soon will make the player lose all territory and ruin their gang.

All BitNodes have a uniques set of multipliers that affect the difficulty of that BitNode. You can see these multipliers when choosing a BitNode in the BitVerse. [Source-File](./sourcefiles.md) 5 gives you access to these multipliers when you are already in a BitNode. Some BitNodes are much harder than others. It's recommended to unlock other Source-Files before trying to beat these hard BitNodes. Note that the "Difficulty" value of a BitNode in the BitVerse may be a bit misleading in some cases. Understanding the difficulty of a BitNode is much harder than just choosing between "easy", "normal" and "hard".

# BitNode analysis

## BitNode 1

> This is the easiest BitNode, and its Source-File gives a very strong buff to most multipliers.

Reviewer 2: It's worth reiterating briefly here that you want to _repeat_ BN 1 to get it's powerful SF-2 and 3 unlocks

Reviewer: Yes.

This mechanic is time-gated by the slow generation speed of contracts/operations. Sleeves speed it up a lot.

You must be careful with chaos and Synthoid population. The UI shows you many hints about the effect of dangerous actions on chaos and Synthoid population. You should keep an eye on those hints. Generally, you must keep the chaos level low and not kill too much Synthoid population.

## BitNode 8

This BitNode unlocks 2 new features for the stock market: short stock and limit/stop order.

This is a very challenging BitNode. It disables most normal ways to earn money so that you have to use the Stock Market as your source of income. Before having access to 4S Market Data, finding good stocks to invest in is pretty hard. You need to have a good pre-4S stock market script; otherwise, it's a slow run. You should take a look at stock manipulation. Hacking does not give you money, but hacking and growing a server that has a corresponding stock still influence that stock's price.

> Grafting is very useful in this BitNode. Losing capital after each resetting sets you back a lot. Grafting allows you to continuously install augmentations without resetting.

Reviewer 2: Casino is the primary fund pool for getting started in BN-8. Is it worth mentioning here?

You must accept Stanek's Gift before purchasing any augmentations. NFG is the only exception. Due to the effect of Source-File 7.3, you must accept Stanek's Gift before joining the Bladeburner division if you have that Source-File.

This BitNode's multipliers are extremely harsh. You should prepare carefully before entering it.

## BitNode 14

This BitNode's Source-File buffs IPvGO's benefits and unlocks the ability to use cheat APIs. Cheat APIs may help you tremendously if you use them strategically, especially when playing against hard opponents. The Source-File's rewards:

- Higher stat multipliers from Node Power.
- Unlock `ns.go.cheat` APIs.
- Higher maximum favor that you can gain for each faction from IPvGO.

The last reward is pretty interesting. If you can consistently win several games in a row and get higher favor bonus, you will cut down the time to reach 150 favor points with IPvGO factions and have access to their augmentations much sooner.

This BitNode's multipliers are fairly harsh, but IPvGO's multipliers are buffed significantly. If you use IPvGO, even a slightly improved version of the tutorial script will help you complete this BitNode without much trouble.

> # Order advice

Reviewer 2: This is what people come here for, probably. It should appear above the deeper dives on the bitnodes IMO

Both BitNode 6 and BitNode 7 unlock Bladeburner. It's slow, but it's a good choice to beat extremely hard BitNodes (BitNode 9, BitNode 13). Ideally, you should complete both of them. However, if you decide to only use Bladeburner when needed and do not want to spend too much time doing both BitNodes, you can choose to complete only one of them. BitNode 6 is easier than BitNode 7, but Source-File 7 buffs Bladeburner's multipliers and gives you free access to "The Blade's Simulacrum" augmentation.

BitNode 10 unlocks 2 strong mechanics at the same time. Sleeves synergize well with many mechanics, especially Gang and Bladeburner. Grafting is useful in all BitNodes. Most people complete this BitNode in one go to get 8 Sleeves, but if you are in a rush, you can complete it once and get only Source-File 10.1. If you buy all 5 Sleeves from "The Covenant" faction, you will have 6 Sleeves and access to Grafting. That's not ideal, but still good enough.

> BitNode 14 enhances IPvGO. If you have not touched that mechanic, you should do it now. IPvGO is tuned so that it still gives adequate benefits even if your script is only a slightly improved version of the tutorial script. Source-File 14 improves IPvGO's benefits and unlocks cheat APIs, which you can use to improve your win rate.

Reviewer: This should more explicitly mention that IPvGO is available at the start of the game, and (briefly) how you access it.
